Use .dockerignore in FROM DOCKERFILE targets (#3001)
earthly/earthly: docs/earthfile/earthfile.md

The `FROM DOCKERFILE` command initializes a new build environment, inheriting from an existing Dockerfile. This allows the use of Dockerfiles in Earthly builds.

The `<context-path>` is the path where the Dockerfile build context exists. By default, it is assumed that a file named `Dockerfile` exists in that directory. The context path can be either a path on the host system, or an [artifact reference](../guides/target-ref.md#artifact-reference), pointing to a directory containing a `Dockerfile`.

> Additionally, when using a `<context-path>` from the host system, a `.dockerignore` in the directory root will be used to exclude files (unless `.earthlyignore` or `.earthignore` are present). Use `--use-docker-ignore` feature flag to enable.

Reviewer: For clarity - many do not know how to use these feature flags.

```suggestion
Additionally, when using a `<context-path>` from the host system, a `.dockerignore` in the directory root will be used to exclude files (unless `.earthlyignore` or `.earthignore` are present). Use `VERSION --use-docker-ignore 0.7` to enable.
```
